# Follow the Loser (FL)
follow the loser has been introduced by Borodin and [Vincent (2004)](https://proceedings.neurips.cc/paper/2003/hash/8c9f32e03aeb2e3000825c8c875c4edd-Abstract.html) in which, the investment weight is transferred from a stock provided a better performance in the past to a stock with unfavorable performance, since the approach considers that a stock with an undesirable performance in the past is able to provide a desirable return in the future. In this package, the following FL strategie is implemented so far:
1. Reweighted Price Relative Tracking System for Automatic Portfolio Optimization

## Reweighted Price Relative Tracking System for Automatic Portfolio Optimization (RPRT)
RPRT is a FL strategy proposed by [Lai et al. (2018)](https://doi.org/10.1109/TSMC.2018.2852651). In the price prediction stage, it automatically assigns separate weights to the price relative predictions according to each asset’s performance, and these weights will also be automatically updated. In the portfolio optimizing stage, a novel tracking system with a generalized increasing factor is proposed to maximize the future wealth of next period. An efficient algorithm is designed to solve the portfolio optimization objective, which is applicable to large-scale and time-limited situations. Extensive experiments on six benchmark datasets from real financial markets with diverse assets and different time spans are conducted. There are claims that RPRT outperforms other state-of-the-art systems in cumulative wealth, mean excess return, annual percentage yield, and some typical risk metrics. Moreover, it can withstand considerable transaction costs and runs fast. It indicates that RPRT is an effective and efficient online portfolio selection system.

See RPRT.